Welcome everyone to our next meeting. but I've prepared a little presentation once again or at least an agenda. I think the biggest part of the presentation will be on your side. we are here at the conceptual design meeting, which is hereby opened. once again I will try to write some minutes. today we once again have three presentations, if I'm right,. and after that we will take a decision on the remote control concepts. I'd say let's start with the first presentation. in the same order as last time?
First of all I've subtracted some of the components that is that are used are w you know from what the remote control's formed. first of all, the case, the case, the surrounding of the of the the remote control. the case was is made from rubber, I suppose. because when you use a remote control a lot of people will will drop their remote control. the titanium was also an option. But it's a very expensive material. rubber is, I think, the best suitable material to use for our. it's poss it's also possible to create fancy colours with rubber. titanium you have to paint it. and with that it's possible to scratch it. I I had an idea single covered curved, sorry, single curved. it's two dimensional. I think it's it's best to draw. I thought of an idea like this. So it also looks nice when it's on your table. it doesn't lay flat down on the table,. but it's it's stands. the graphical user interface and the buttons, we also thought about that already. I thought about the LCD touch screen,. And it should be made of strong plastic. and it should be bright. this should be our button component. the batteries, we also thought about that already,. will be chargeable with an option for a mount station. And they should be long lasting, not not be empty in about two minutes or thirty minutes or forty minutes of use. there was an option to use a rather simple chip. but I think because of our highly requiring requirements, there should be an advanced chip in it. with also the ability to facilitate speaker speech recognition. there should be some more investigation on that side. I also overheard in the last meeting that there shou we should use our own business colours. I think they are rather boring for for use with rubber.
But I don't think you have to make the entire thing in the corporate colour.
We could make a little and on the top of the machine. I suggest, because just the availability with rubber to make fantastic colours and also in a lot of possible colours, so it's possible to make very fancy remote controls. as I said before rubber is is impossible to damage severely. but i if you drop it it's not broken right away instead of using plastic, hard plastic or titanium.
I thought a little bit about the interface. how it should look. And we determined that will not be no buttons, but only an LCD screen,. first there are some new findings and new technology for speech recognition. And this is that you you ask you give a question through through the device. and it answers you. And they already put this in an in a coffee maker. This and there's an easy way to program that. perhaps it's useful,. perhaps for because people lose the remote,. they can yell remote where are you and calls or something. And perhaps we could implement that. And then I have to go out of the presentation. because I tried to make some kind of a a idea of how it should look like. I tried to the LCD screen I tried to sort of to draw. I thought at least the icon for the volume. and then the buttons above and below. the and the and the mute button also recognisable as an icon. I think it's not really on scale and and so forth. an options button. It's options is the settings of the remote and of the TV and that kind of thing. Perhaps we could be more curvy the remote perhaps should,. so that it's better in your hand or something. But and and a microph microphone for the speech recognition if we want to implement that. and then if you press the op options button, now we have an example of and then you should get the other options with what what you could do. And it's also I thought think we discussed earlier that older people don't really want to use these extra settings. And you could put in a an a really little scrolling device on the side of your remote,. so you could scroll scroll across these things.
I'm going to tell you something about a trend watching. The trends from the past years, what the people like, what the youngsters like, what the elderly people liked about shapes, colours, material and stuff. The most important thing people liked last year was that the remote control should be look look fancy. The second important thing that should be if inv in innov innovative,. like the LCD screen that's quite innovative. And the third thing is it should be easy to use. I think with only one menu, four button, channel, volume, it should also be enough for easy to use. The personal preferences for the young people, they liked fruity colours like banana yellow, strawberry red and stuff. The round shapes, and soft material materials like the rubber. It should be soft i it should feeling spongy or Sponge Bob like things. Elderly people like au colours which are being seen in autumn like woods dark brown, red, deep reds and stuff. They liked square shapes with round edges. And hard materials like wood, titanium. And then I th I I personally thought the front side of the shape should be something for the youngsters like like. It's it's a bit like a banana. And for the elderly people just plain old. Because we decided to have two kind of remotes, two designs,. or was it two colours? We should decide whether it's going to be with round shapes. I think like my colleague, you said, is that's better, or for the elderly people something like like the iPod or something, with round squares.
You could you could change the colours, that was also the idea.
I guess changing colours will be easier than changing
Changing just the shape of the remote control?
Perhaps you could find something in the middle.
Round corners, but but square, yeah.
But maybe then both groups won't buy it.
So it's a bit square, but it's also a bit round.
Look something like that. Autumn colours like red, brown. So maybe we could give it like wooden loo look look or something in that colour. between the young people? Fresh, exciting. And the old people, old and boring. like I said, young people like more soft materials and spongy ones. So we have to decide if we're going to use. real hard rubber, or soft rubber. Or something something between that. like like like a a eraser or something. That's the bit you can press it in,. Yeah it's quite hard. but you can press it in.
So we should first decide about shape, I think.
And the LCD screen was rather small..
W I think that LCD screen should be like
But I think it should be larger. Yeah, three quarters.
Larger I think.
Looks a bit like a Game Boy now.
But if yo if you make the the LCD screen as large as the remote control itself, you'll you'll always get some
You always touch it,
Because you have how much? Nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen buttons on the screen. Because some fat people with thick fingers will press three buttons at same time.
And we won't include a a pen, or something to point,. we we want to do it with our fingers,
Because if you lose the pen if you lose the pen you can't use
Yeah yeah, if they think it's handy to use a pen.
And maybe we have to add a tissue to remove the grease from all the fingers, huh.
But that that can be with plain soft tissue.
Maybe I should should show some points on which we should take a decision. So we can discuss these points. those points energy question mark. are we going to do it with separate docking station. chip on print and case.
I think energy were batteries
The docking station.
Maybe it's better to to include rechargeable batteries
We already decided that on the previous meeting.
Which you can recharge through the docking station. if the badg the batteries are dead. then you can re you can change them.
But it should be th I think normal batteries,
Normal plain batteries you can buy at the supermarket or retail shop. Yeah.
What was with the chip on print?
Chip on print with a with a simple a sim not a simple but a
But how did this how does that with a LCD screen? You still have a print plate.
I dunno what what we have to decide about that.
Chip on print, I think what they mean with the regular rubber buttons that you got, it's always clear for the remote control when you press a certain button. But when you got a LCD screen, with no with not the buttons are not always on the same place,
But the print plate of LCD screen is more advanced than a normal print plate,
You need some kind of CPU, I guess.
I don't I dunno I don't think that's. Yeah, it's quite a simple LCD screen. I think they don't need that big of CPU.
But it the the remote control has to know whether you're in a settings menu or just you just want to turn up the volume. So it has to have some kind of a calculation unit or CPU
Because we're projecting projecting the buttons on the LCD screen.
And the case, yeah we already discussed the case,. we wanted to make it from rubber
But but a hard rubber like this? Or softer rubber
Hard rubber I think.
We have different colours. the shapes is something between the square shapes with round colo corners and a round shapes? I think it's more round than square.
But I think it should be a bit longer, perhaps.
I think it meets more the young people than the older people.
But that's what we want,.
And how about my idea of making it with one single curve?
I thought that was a quite good
Got a single curved rubber
You you can draw it on your paper. And load it on the the user the server.
There are also some some questions about the concepts I think
What we should also have on, I just remembered, a menu to go back through the first. if if you touch options, you can't go back to this right away now.
Isn't it better to have the sound and the general buttons horizontal?
If you make the screen vertical it doesn't matter.
I think it's it's easier to have it something like Oh a button minus here, plus over here. A minus here, plus over here. The other buttons and on here the top.
I think I would put a plus and a min here. And then the in the mid in the middle
We'll leave that to the usability engineering then.
But I'm going to look if I've got some examples
So not how much not how often it's used, but
W what's what's usual or normal.
Because I have two televisions at home. One is horizontal,. one is vertical,
It does it doesn't really matter,
I think we have we don't have to decide about that now
And the speech shall we implement that? But then you should also find a place. You could if you do it like this you could put it in a corner or something.
You can make a very sensitive microphone,
Maybe at the bottom where you can can hel hold it with you hand that there's also a microphone
But that's not import I think that's not im very important
You could you could put it in a logo of the company.
Between the round of the.
But it doesn't makes it any more fancy because you get to see
Just 'cause other remotes don't have that.
Because a microphone is very small thing,. but you can make it look like it's big. so as its its really an important function of the remote. we already discussed that, huh, the the LCD
I think it's better to just up what you'd like to do on the screen. If you want to go back you have to back button go back,. if you want to choose audio settings you press audio settings and it goes to that sub-menu.
The the young people do like scroll. and I think you can never get through a menu great with a scroll
I think the scroll's easier if you have a lot of options,
You get when you use the settings menu for example to look up some some channels on your on your television, you should scroll scroll down on a menu which probably does not fit on your screen. So then it's very handy to to scroll down,
And I think I would it would make even more fancy because you have another interesting thing on the side. there's our five minutes warning.
What's the standard colour?
We have different colour.
You should you should have a black one. because I think black is standard.
Dark grey, something like this this colour or something. I think it's better to have silver nowadays. Yeah the the silver black are our main colours. Yeah.
W what about a yellow thing,
It'll be a banana yellow, we have. Green, wood, brown.
But if you use silver, rubber silver rubber isn't fancy.
I would think about colours like red, yellow, green, blue,
The fruity colours and the autumn colours, like red and brown, dark red and brown.
And and do we have to have a normal black one, or
That wraps it up? Everybody knows what to do? I wrote it down here. I wrote it down here what to do. The next meeting is once again in thirty minutes. and especially notice that the Industrial Designer and the User Interface Designer are going to work together on a prototype drawing on a smart board,. and of course to all four of us specific instructions will be emailed by our personal coach.
But do we have to stay here,
I I'd say just wait for email and find out.